those also is a personal life your call as many calls your going to get
a call off we try to or use any orders and right many losses mission
vision so that she covered a lot of brown well normalizes income
was one of those really this morning then during officer who is going
to say yeah it is also ever and are you what that you want to be called
your brother and if you did this in in the you know you walk to
all you will recall so when that happens in this present day so so
so for what is the use your cell phone will be going off a lot of helpful
word folded the whole families at the Jersey Shore we had all
three of these ladies of all is that so you need it all the while and
you just have to that is expectations well if your spouse or family
though eight that is a beautiful model I get a phone call from Michael
they all calls we as if if if and at this rate at all except if
you will recall